Weekly Progress Report
Author: John Eagan (I'm doing this project solo so all implementation is done by me)

9/27 - 10/3
Basic implementation of the client-side web pages (index.html, help.html, etc).
Structure work trying to figure out how to allow user to switch between pages easily.
Implementation of navigation bar to act as "link" between web pages.

10/4 - 10/10
Nothing, mostly studying for Midterm

10/11 - 10/17
Setting up the server files and placing the files into a more structured file system.
Messing around with passing information between client and server via AJAX.
Basic implementation of 2D array that is passed between JSON file and HTML to test how values are stored.

10/18 - 10/24
Lots of struggling to get information passed effectively with PHP and the use of POST/GET when compared to AJAX.
Implemented basic structure of login and signup web pages that should use form to pass information via POST.

10/25 - 10/31
Nothing.

11/1 - 11/7
Beginning deeper implementation of game logic.
Implemented 2D arrays to locally store the values of "cells" within the player and opponent's board.
Implemented system to determine if a ship can be placed in a specific coordinate.
Implemented use of cell values to determine the "state" of a specific coordinate.
Started implementing functions to allow player to update values of cells (buttons) by clicking on them.

11/8 - 11/14
Attempted to implement RDBMS table to store values rather than a server-stored file.
Not quite there but the database is setup for implementation of tables and PHP access.

11/15 - 11/21
Majority of client-side functionalities implemented (game.html, updating the board status, displaying, etc).
Database table implemented for user accounts.
Connected signup and login to Users table and implemented hashed passwords.
Implementation of sessions and php files to handle invite/join game process.

11/22 - 11/28
Thanksgiving so I got lazy.
Implemented Games table and Invites table to store almost all the information needed to store a game between users.

11/29 - 12/5
Had to rewrite a lot of the game logic to work with the Database rather than be locally stored.
Connected most of my functionalities to the Database with AJAX calls.
Designed system to update turns after a user has made a move and check for the game end (when a player's remaining ships == 0).
Fully implemented leaderboard and sorting of users by their stats.

12/6 - 12/12
Implemented mostly everything at this point.
Still having issues with implementing the powers properly.
Cleaning up the code somewhat and testing a lot of the functionalities.
Looking for ways to break the program (reloading at weird times, setting ships in impossible places, etc) and then fixing these issues.

